Put you on the throne and replace it
That's my biggest dereliction of duty as the building dragon commander
It's a loss for me to persuade you
It's really rotten wood
Don't think I don't know why you're standing in front
Asahi, although I am not your opponent today
But if I risk my life
You could also die here
without bloodshed
This is profit maximization
I thought you were smart
It's wonderful to share with me
Now it doesn't help to overestimate you
I could risk my life today
I'm going to leave your head here too
Don't worry don't worry
Miss Qin has been arrested
Liao Fan
Sure enough, your biggest Achilles' heel is not in yourself
It's the people around you.
Poplar, you are so despicable
They used hostages to blackmail them
Those who achieve great things are informal
Chen Tianjiao will be caught by Owen soon
If you don't want them to die
Obediently surrendered
When I ascend the throne, your glory and wealth will be indispensable
Ouyang Mo
You underestimate my determination to kill you today
Nether door is not working
Ah!
Hahahaha
Don't say that your skills have not recovered
So what if it recovers?
As Great Xia National Teacher
The only person who can execute me is the current ruler